{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf840
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red83\green83\blue83;\red35\green38\blue42;
\red0\green0\blue0;\red53\green53\blue53;\red255\green255\blue255;\red183\green200\blue27;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\csgenericrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c40000\c40000\c40000;\cssrgb\c18039\c20000\c21961;
\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c27059\c27059\c27059;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;\cssrgb\c76471\c81176\c12941;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww14400\viewh10960\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs30 \cf0 How do you choose automated testing over manual testing?\
\
Before you start automating a test, you need to figure out what benefits you will get by automating the test taking into consideration the time, effort and resources\
\cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 Test cases should be automated if:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl420\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
The task is going to be repeated.\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
The requirements or tasks are low risk, stable, and unlikely to change often.\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
If the test is subject to human error, \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 it should be automated\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}\cf0 If it is taking a lot of manual effort and \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
the test is time consuming.\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}\cf4 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Tests that require a large amount of data input for the test to be performed\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl420\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}\cf4 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Test cases that involve a lot of calculations, reading data and verifying data\cf2 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl420\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}\cf5 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
simple and require no complex input from the tester\cf2 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl420\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}\cf6 \cb7 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Regression Testing, Load Testing,  Performance Testing are best suited for automated testing
\f1\b\fs36 \cf6 \cb7 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0

\fs30\fsmilli15300 \cf6 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\partightenfactor0

\fs36 \cf6 Manual testing is best-suited for the following:
\b0\fs32 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl595\sa160\partightenfactor0

\b\fs30\fsmilli15300 \cf6 Exploratory Testing\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\partightenfactor0

\b0\fs32 \cf6 When working with poorly written specification documentation\
 and there is a shortage of time, when minimal planning and maximum test execution is required.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl595\sa160\partightenfactor0

\b\fs30\fsmilli15300 \cf6 Usability Testing\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\partightenfactor0

\b0\fs32 \cf6 This testing helps to find out the user-friendliness of an application\
The goal of this testing is to find out the end user satisfaction with the application so human observation is important. \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl595\sa160\partightenfactor0

\b\fs30\fsmilli15300 \cf6 Ad-hoc Testing\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\partightenfactor0

\b0\fs32 \cf6 This type of testing is performed without any planning and documentation. \
And requires solid knowledge and skills from the tester.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl595\sa140\partightenfactor0

\b\fs36 \cf6 When to use Automated Testing?
\fs54\fsmilli27200 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\partightenfactor0

\b0\fs32 \cf6 Automated Testing is well-suited for the following:\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl595\sa160\partightenfactor0

\b\fs30\fsmilli15300 \cf6 Regression Testing\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\partightenfactor0

\b0\fs32 \cf6 when there are frequent code changes which require frequent testing. This testing is conducted to ensure that the new code changes that are implemented don\'92t affect the existing functionalities.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl595\sa160\partightenfactor0

\b\fs30\fsmilli15300 \cf6 Load Testing\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\partightenfactor0

\b0\fs32 \cf6 Automated testing is preferred for load testing which helps to determine a system\'92s performance under real-life load conditions. This testing finds out how the system behaves when multiple users access it simultaneously.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl595\sa160\partightenfactor0

\b\fs30\fsmilli15300 \cf6 Performance Testing\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\partightenfactor0

\b0\fs32 \cf6 Performance testing helps to find out the speed and stability of the application. This requires simulation of thousands of concurrent users. Automated testing is preferred for\'a0\cf2 \cb1 performance testing.\cf6 \cb7 \
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
}